# hello-world
my first public repository

My name is Nathan. This is the start of my journey towards becoming a data scientist. I already have good background in analytics, SQL, Excel, some Python, some UNIX, some Git, lots of Tableau, etc. and want to learn more to transform my career. I love playing with data and finding new and innovate ways of telling stories with it. My first exposure to data visualization and the power it can bring to an organization was about 3 years ago when I started learning Tableau. Tableau made me want to learn SQL in order to be that much better at using the tool. I self learned SQL and became an expert at using my company's internal data and found new ways, other than Tableau to take advantage of it (duh). From there I wanted to learn Python so I could get more use out of the vast amounts of data we have available to us. I started experimenting with pandas and different APIs to enhance the information we have. The more and more I learn, the more excited I get about what can be done. I've had no formal training, but want to become great. I believe I have a strong proficiency in analytics and can pick up programming fast. The combination of programming with analysis led me to discovering more about the field of data science and I think it is a perfect fit for my skillset and my interests. I love heads down, technical problem solving and with the vast amounts of information on the internet, I believe I can self teach my way into being an expert data scientist. 
